# SNHU-CS-340

## How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
In order to write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable, you need to maintain a level of abstraction between the different layers of your code. This means decoupling the parts of your code that work on different areas. For example, I defined generic CRUD methods in my python module. I could have writted a function called "update_all_dogs()". But instead, I left it open for the user of the class to decide what to update. Another way to write maintainable and testable code is to use dependency injection. For example, you could pass in the database credentials to the module instead of hard coding them within it. And finally, following coding standards such as pep-8 is a great way to keep your code readable for everyone.

## How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
I decided to approach this project from the perspective of "backend first". I made sure that teh python module was working and well tested before starting to integrate it into the dashboard front end. I think this is a helpful way to stay on track and to not get started doing too many things at once which can introduce bugs.

## What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientists design, develop, and maintain software. My work on this type of project would help a company such as Grazioso Salvare because it would give them better insights into their data using software. Data visualization is something that drives business and eventually increases the bottom line.
